
This is the deposition of XXX, taken pursuant to notice and agreement of counsel under the Georgia Civil Practice Act for purpose of discovery and all other purposes allowable by law. My understanding is that we will be reserving objections, except to the form of the question and responsiveness of the answer, until the first lawful use of the deposition, is that agreeable? Would you like to put something on the record about signature?

Swear

XXX, my name is Paul Menair, I'm an attorney with Steven Leibel PC and I represent various parties in the lawsuit against you.

Have you ever given sworn testimony before?

I am going to ask you a series of questions. You are under oath. Do you understand what it means to be under oath?

The court reporter will be trying to make a written transcript of what we say here today, and it helps her if we try not to talk over each other, okay?

Please let me know if I interrupt you before you're finished, or if you don't understand a question, otherwise I will assume that you understood the question and gave me a complete response. Is that fair?

Please also try and keep in mind that the usual noises and hand signals and head nods that people use to communicate with don't translate very will into writing, alright?

I am happy to take a break at any time you like, but if there's a question on the table I will ask you to answer it before you leave the room, fair enough?

Can you state your full name for the record.

Have you ever gone by any other names?

What is your date of birth?

Would you tell me your social security number off the record?



Do you have a current driver's license?

Can I see it?

Number:

Restrictions?

Is this address current?

Can I make a copy of this?

Have you taken any medication today, or drunk any alcohol, or done anything else that might affect your ability to give accurate and truthful testimony?

Without telling me what was said, did you meet with your lawyer to prepare for today's deposition? Did you review any documents?

What was your cell phone number on 6786229697

What carrier?

Was it your name on the account, or someone else?

Did you have that phone with you at the time of the accident?

What kind of phone is it?

Were you using it?

What addresses have you lived in during the past ten years?

At the time of the accident?

Are you married?

Have you ever been married?

Do you have any children? (names ages schools working)

Spouses' children?

Children in Pickens County?

Other relatives in Pickens County?

Do you attend any religious institutions in Pickens County?

Belong to any social clubs?

Where did you go to high school?

College?

Post graduate?

Certificates, licenses, etc.

Current employment? position duties dates supervisor

Before that?

Where were you working at the time of the accident?

Have you ever had a job that required driving? Supervisor?

Have you ever sued anyone? Been sued, other than this case?

Have you ever been convicted or pled guilty to a crime?

Ever get a speeding ticket or other moving violation?

Ever been arrested?

Ever gone through bankruptcy?

Have you ever been in an accident before? Since? (when where what injury)

Let's talk about the accident with . Does October 9, 2015, sound like it might be the right date?

Tell me how the accident happened?

Do you remember what day of the week it was?

Where were you driving to that day? From?

What were you doing?

[Cooper Murphy]

Was there anyone with you?

Do you recall the time of day?

What was the weather like?

Had you worked that day?

Were you familiar with the road? Travel it frequently?

Had you taken any medications that day? How about the day before?

Had you had anything to drink that day? Day before?

Were you sick that day?

Do you have any chronic medical conditions that you receive treatment for?

Why did you fall asleep?

How much sleep did you get the night before?

What were you doing the night before? Where?

Who is your primary care physician? Location? Practice name?

Do you ever wear glasses or contacts? How often? Distance? Reading? 

Do you know what the prescription is? Who is your eye doctor? Where do you buy glasses? Name location. 

When was your last eye exam? When did you last get new glasses or contacts?

Were you wearing glasses or contacts at the time of the accident?

Should you have been?

Were you well rested? Sick in any way?

Anything that would have impaired your reflexes or your judgment?

Were you upset about anything?

What was the weather like?

Roads dry?

Were you doing anything other than driving at the time of the accident? 

Do you smoke? Were you smoking? Eating?

Was there any kind of mechanical problem with your car?

Did anything obscure your vision in any way that contributed to the accident?

Was your car damaged? How?

Did you get it repaired? How much did the repair cost?

SHOW ACCIDENT REPORT

[apologize to client]

Have you seen this document before?

I'll represent to you that it's the State of Georgia's Traffic Crash Report for the accident on October 9, 2015.

Please take a look at the diagram on page 4.

This is not to scale, but taking that into account, is this basically a drawing of what happened?

Is there anything you would have shown differently?

Take a look at that narrative on page 3.

Is that accurate?

What do you disagree with, if anything?

If you will look on page 2, above the second thick black bar, it says you received a citation for failure to maintain lane, is that correct?

What happened with the citation?

Did you in fact fail to maintain lane?

You crossed the center line?

Why?

[gas station at intersection]

On page 1, it says you were driving a 2000 Nissan Altima, is that correct?

Who was the owner of the vehicle?

What relationship?

How long had you been driving this vehicle?

Were you just borrowing it for the day, or was it what you regularly drove?

Was it an automatic transmission? Is that what you ordinarily drive?

What happened after the impact? Did you skid?

Were you able to get out?

Did your airbags deploy?

Were you wearing a seatbelt?

Who did you talk to? What did you say?

Did you talk to Mr. Kondos? Offer to assist him?

Did you overhear anyone talking at the accident scene?

Did you call anyone? What did you say?

Who called the police?

How long did you wait for the police?

Did you know the officer who responded? Any of the people at the scene?

Did you talk to any officer? What did you say?

How long were you at the scene?

Did an ambulance come?

Were you injured in the accident? How? How treated?

Were there any witnesses to the accident?

How did you get home? Was your vehicle towed?

Have you spoken to my client since the accident?

Who have you talked to about the accident, other than your lawyer?

Do you think my client is at fault in the accident in any way?

Do you think he could have avoided it?

Do you know anything about my client's injuries, other than through your lawyer?

Have you put anything in writing about the accident, like in a diary or on social media?

Did you take any pictures or video? Witness anyone taking pictures or video?

[pictures on phone]


instagram twitter luke.volle lvolle11

Other than your lawyer and your immediate family and friends, did you talk to anyone about the accident afterwards?

Did you notify your insurance company?

Did you give any statements to any insurance company? Speak with an adjuster?

Did you file a claim?

Service

dwop

