
Johanson OUTLINE (Entrustment)

This is the deposition of Linda Johanson, taken pursuant to notice and agreement of counsel for all purposes allowable under the Georgia Civil Practice Act. I propose we waive objection until the first lawful use of the deposition, except to form or responsiveness of the answer, if that is agreeable to counsel. {We have also stipulated to remote administration of the oath.}

Anything regarding signature at this time?

Please swear the witness.

Ms. Johanson, my name is Paul Menair and I represent the plaintiff in a civil action against you. Have you ever given sworn testimony before, at a deposition or in court?

There are just a few ground rules I always go over before we start, and the first is that you are under oath. Do you understand what that means?

The second thing to remember is that the court reporter is trying to make a verbatim transcript of what we say. This means it's always important for us not to talk over each other. This is especially true because we are doing this by videoconference, and the software really only lets one person talk at a time. Okay?

I am not going to drag this out, but I am also game to take a break whenever you want, if you will agree to answer any question that's on the table before we break, other than questions your lawyer has specifically told you not to answer. Sound fair?

Please do not hesitate to ask me to clarify or rephrase a question, okay?

Alright. Without telling me what was said in any meeting with your lawyer, I assume you met with her to prepare for this deposition, correct?

Did you review any documents in that meeting?

Please say and spell your full name for the record.


What is your current address? How long have you lived there? Who lives there with you? Were you living there at the time of the traffic collision that we're here about today?

Do you have children that don't live with you?

Do you have any relatives at all in Forsyth County, Georgia?

Do you go to church in Forsyth County, or belong to any social clubs or groups in that county? City on a Hill Royal Clevenger

Where do you work? How long? Time of accident?

Did you graduate from high school? Which one? College? Employment history.

Did you serve in the military? Branch? Honorable discharge?

Have you ever been in a lawsuit before?

Have you ever been bankrupt?

Have you ever been arrested?

What is your relationship to Alan McCartney?

At the time of the collision between Alan McCartney and my client, were you the owner of Ford F-150 he was driving that day?

How long had you owned that vehicle?

Were you insured by State Farm? Are you still?

Did you regularly let Alan McCartney use the vehicle? What was the arrangement? Did anyone other than Mr. McCartney use the vehicle? Did you ever drive it?

Do you know whether the vehicle was in good repair prior to the collision? Who was responsible for regular maintenance? What maintenance was done, if you know?

Did you buy it new? Were you aware of any history with the vehicle prior to your purchase?

What about after, did you get it repaired? Where? Cost?

Royal key?

David Harris

What do you know about Alan McCartney's' driving record? How? Did you know that at the time of the collision with my client?

Have you ever driven with Alan McCartney? What did you observe?

Do you know whether Mr. McCartney has any chronic medical conditions?

Do you know whether he had any acute medical conditions at the time of the collision, or any other circumstance that might have impacted driving ability?

Do you know whether he was licensed to drive at the time of the collision? Any restrictions? Did you ask? Did you ever look at the actual drivers license?

What do you know about how the collision actually occurred? How did you find out? Who have you talked to about it, other than your lawyer? Did you visit the scene? What did you see there?

Do you believe Alan McCartney was at fault?

Do you think my client did anything that contributed to the collision?

Did you report the collision to your insurance carrier?

Did you make a claim?

Do you know of any witnesses to the accident that we haven't talked about?


