[Fifth Amendment notes - disclosure of any facts re a criminal transaction waives the privilege. Look for this especially wrt the counterclaim - reserve follow up. Must assert separately as to each question asked.]

This is the deposition of Keira Jones, taken pursuant to notice and agreement of counsel under the Georgia Civil Practice Act for purpose of discovery and all other purposes allowable by law. I propose that we reserve objections by counsel, except to the form of the question and responsiveness of the answer, until the first lawful use of the deposition.  Would you like to put something on the record about signature?

Swear

Ms. Jones, my name is Paul Menair, I'm an attorney with Steven Leibel PC and I represent the plaintiffs in the lawsuit against you. I have some questions for you today, and then Ms. Bowers may have some questions relevant to your counterclaim in the lawsuit. Are you okay to start?

First of all, have you ever given sworn testimony before?

I am going to ask you a series of questions. You are under oath. Do you understand what it means to be under oath?

I don't want to know what was said any conversations or written communication you may have had with any lawyers relevant to this case, but I would like to know if you met with counsel to prepare for today's deposition.

Who was at that meeting?

Did you review any documents? Did they refresh your recollection?

Have you talked to anyone other than your lawyers regarding today's deposition?

Are you under the influence of any medication or alcohol today?

Do you feel able to give me accurate and truthful testimony today?

A few ground rules, and I break these rules sometimes, everyone does. But the court reporter will be trying to make a written transcript of what we say here today, and it helps her if we try not to talk over each other, okay?

Please let me know if I interrupt you before you're finished, or if you don't understand a question, otherwise I will assume that you understood the question and gave me a complete response. Is that fair?

Please also try and keep in mind that the usual noises and hand signals and head nods that people use to communicate with don't translate very will into writing, alright?

I am happy to take a break at any time you like, but if there's a question on the table I will ask you to answer it before you leave the room, fair enough?

Can you state your full name for the record.

Have you ever gone by any other names?

What is your date of birth?

Would you tell me your social security number off the record?

Do you have a current driver's license?

Restrictions?

Is the address current? What is it?

What was your cell phone number on the day of the collision we're here about today?

What carrier?

Was it your name on the account, or someone else?

Did you have that phone with you at the time of the collision?

What kind of phone is it?

Were you using it?

What addresses have you lived in during the past ten years?

At the time of the accident?

Are you married?

Have you ever been married?

Do you have any children? (names ages schools working)

What's your mother's name?

Where does she live?

What county?

What does she do for a living?

How about your Father?

What does he do for a living?

Michael Jespersen, what's your relationship to him?

Where does he live.

Have you ever worked for your parents or stepparents, or their companies?

Do you attend any religious institutions in Fulton County?

Belong to any social clubs?

Do you play any sports? Teams?

Do you have any hobbies?

Where did you go to high school?

College?

Major? Plans?

Current employment? position duties dates supervisor

Before that?

Who is your primary care physician? Location? Practice name?

Do you ever wear glasses or contacts? How often? Distance? Reading? 

Do you know what the prescription is? Who is your eye doctor? Where do you buy glasses? Name location. 

When was your last eye exam? When did you last get new glasses or contacts?

Have you ever had a job that required driving? Supervisor?

Have you ever sued anyone? Been sued, other than this case?

Have you ever been convicted or pled guilty to a crime?

Have you ever been in a traffic accident before? Since? (when where what injury)

Ever get a speeding ticket or other moving violation, other than what we're here about today?

You were cited from speeding in a school zone about two weeks prior to the collision we're here about today, correct? What happened with that ticket? Did you tell your parents about it? Michael Jespersen?

Any other tickets, before or since?

Ever been arrested? Were arrested following the collision we're here about today? Any other occasions?

Ever gone through bankruptcy?

Have you ever received any formal or informal assurances of immunity from prosecution?

Let's talk about the collision we're here about today. Does February 9, 2021, sound like it might be the right date?

Tell me how the accident happened?

Do you remember what day of the week it was?

Where were you driving to that day? From?

What were you doing?

Was there anyone with you?

Do you recall the time of day?

What was the weather like?

Had you worked that day? 

Were you familiar with the road? Travel it frequently?

Had you taken any medications that day? How about the day before?

Had you had anything to drink that day? Day before?

Were you sick that day?

How much sleep did you get the night before?

What were you doing the night before? Where?

Were you wearing glasses or contacts at the time of the accident?

Should you have been?

Were you well rested? Sick in any way?

Anything that would have impaired your reflexes or your judgment?

Were you upset about anything?

What was the weather like?

Roads dry?

Were you doing anything other than driving at the time of the accident? 

Were you working that day? Supposed to be?

Did you have a job around that time?

Do you smoke? Were you smoking? Eating?

Was there any kind of mechanical problem with your car?

Did anything obscure your vision in any way that contributed to the accident?

Was your car damaged? How?

Did you get it repaired? How much did the repair cost?

I believe you received a citation after the collision for violation of OCGA ยง 40-6-71, which I'll represent is failure to yield while turning left, is that correct?

What happened with the citation, is it still pending?

And you were subsequently accused of Homicide by Vehicle in the Second Degree, a misdemeanor, correct?

Did you in fact fail to yield?

Did you in fact cause the death of Shirley McMullen on February 9, 2021.

The case against you in Fulton County is still pending, correct?

And you pled not guilty to those offenses?

The accident report says you were driving a White 2009 Jeep, is that correct?

Was it working okay prior to the collision?

Did you try to brake to avoid the collision?

Did the brakes engage?

Tell me about the damage to the vehicle. Substantial? Total loss?

Who was the owner of the vehicle?

What relationship?

How long had you been driving this vehicle?

Were you just borrowing it for the day, or was it what you regularly drove?

What happened after the impact? Did you skid?

Were you able to get out?

Did your airbags deploy?

Were you wearing a seatbelt?

Who did you talk to? What did you say?

Did you talk to anyone in the other vehicle? Offer to assist them?

Did you overhear anyone talking at the accident scene?

Did you call anyone? What did you say?

Who called the police?

How long did you wait for the police?

Did you know the officer who responded? Any of the people at the scene?

Did you talk to any officer? What did you say?

How long were you at the scene?

Did an ambulance come?

Were you injured in the accident? How? How treated?

Ms. Bowers is going to ask you about your injuries so I won't get into that here, but how were you feeling in the weeks after the collision, emotionally?

When did you find out someone had died? How did you feel about that?

Were there any witnesses to the accident, other than the persons in the vehicles?

How did you get home? Was your vehicle towed?

Have you spoken to anyone who was involved in collision, since the collision?

Who have you talked to about the incident, other than your lawyers?

Do you think the other driver was at fault in the collision in any way?

Do you think she could have avoided it?

Have you put anything in writing about the accident, like in a diary or on social media?

Did you take any pictures or video? Witness anyone taking pictures or video?

Have you seen any video? Dashcam? Listened to any audio?

I don't want to know anything that was said in any of your meetings with attorneys, but you are represented by counsel in both these civil proceedings and in criminal proceedings, correct?

When did you first meet with a civil attorney? Criminal attorney?

Have you provided copies of any and all photographs or video in your possession to your civil attorneys?

Have you spoken with an accident reconstructionist? Who?

Other than your lawyer and your immediate family and friends, did you talk to anyone about the collision afterwards?

Did you notify your insurance company?

Did you give any statements to any insurance company? Speak with an adjuster?

Did you file a claim?

Do you have a Facebook account? Handle?

Twitter? Instagram? TikTok? Any other social media?

Your Facebook is private, correct? Have you posted on there about the collision or the lawsuit or the criminal case?

Did you post anything at all on social media in the weeks immediately following the collision?

Do you play golf?

Other college sports?

Did you play golf during the month after the collision?

Did you travel?

[ ] Do you have any chronic medical conditions that you receive treatment for?

9876
